There are many possible reasons as to what could be causing the crash:
* Accessing the value of an initialized variable.
* If a random generator is used, it could be giving number(s) that cause a crash, from a computation error, accessing an out of bounds index, etc.
* Likewise, if a time function is used, it may give values that cause the crash, for the same reason(s) given above.
* An infinite loop is occurring, which causes a stack overflow or out of memory error. This can technically occur in different places.
* The program may have a memory leak somewhere, which will cause an out of memory error that can occur anywhere. Similar to the infinite loop suggestion listed above.

There are more possible causes than this, but to answer the next question, let’s assume that there are no other possibilities.

If we need to test these causes, we can use a few tools and techniques, and process of elimination to find the bug(s). For example, if this program is implemented in C, we can use tools like Valgrind to find uninitialized values and memory leaks within out program. For randomly generated numbers, we could write a separate testing program to test the generator(s) to make sure we are using them properly. For example, if we want to generate numbers between 0 and 5 (both inclusive), we better make sure we are using the function(s) properly and cannot generate a 6.

Many IDEs today (ECLIPSE, NetBeans, etc.) also contain a plethora of features that you could use to find bugs in your program (e.g., using breakpoints, memory monitors, etc.).

