Once again, due to the absence of an interviewer, I will make some assumptions about the question.

* _Who will use it, and why?_
I will assume the ATM is located at an airport, and travelers will use it to withdraw money. The ATM will only dispense money from a user’s account and will not accept deposits.
* _What are the use cases?_
The ATM will accept a user’s card, and the user must enter their PIN number. If successful, the ATM will allow the user to withdraw money from their account. If the PIN is incorrect, the user must re-enter their PIN. If the user guesses wrong 5 times, the ATM will spit the user’s card back out. Once a user selects N amount of money, exactly N amount must be dispensed and subtracted from the user’s account, no more or less. Finally, the ATM must return the user’s card.
* _What are the bounds of use?_
The ATM should run indefinitely and contain enough cash to satisfy any and all traveler withdraw requests. If it cannot, it should simply not allow any user to withdraw any money, and immediately return their card.
* _What are the stress/failure conditions?_
The ATM should never crash; any errors it receives should be handled with a message to the user explaining their error. If something more serious happens, the ATM should spit the user’s card out and display an “out of order” message.
* _How would you perform the testing?_
We will test the ATM by withdrawing certain amounts of money. We should expect the exact amount of money requested to be dispensed and subtracted from the account. If we enter erroneous input, an appropriate message should be displayed to the user. If we “break” (crash) the ATM, the card should be returned and the ATM should display its “out of order” message.